Use arrow functions for anonymous functions where possible (part #6) (#19186)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/report/index.md

  const list = document.createElement('ul');
  outputElem.appendChild(list);

  reports.forEach((report, i) => {
    let listItem = document.createElement('li');
    let textNode = document.createTextNode(`Report ${i + 1}, type: ${report.type}`);
    listItem.appendChild(textNode);
    let innerList = document.createElement('ul');
    listItem.appendChild(innerList);
    list.appendChild(listItem);

>     report.body.forEach((keyValue, key) => {

Reviewer: This is a for...in enumeration and is not convertible like this

Author: I kept the for...in (with const)

  const list = document.createElement('ul');
  outputElem.appendChild(list);

  reports.forEach((report, i) => {
    let listItem = document.createElement('li');
    let textNode = document.createTextNode(`Report ${i + 1}, type: ${report.type}`);
    listItem.appendChild(textNode);
    let innerList = document.createElement('ul');
    listItem.appendChild(innerList);
    list.appendChild(listItem);

    for (const key in reports[i].body) {
      const innerListItem = document.createElement('li');
      const keyValue = reports[i].body[key];
      innerListItem.textContent = `${key}: ${keyValue}`;
      innerList.appendChild(innerListItem);

>     });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    }
```

  });
}
```

> The `reports` parameter contains an array of all the reports in the observer's report queue. We loop over each report using a basic [`for...of`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/for...of) loop, then iterate over each entry of in the report's body using a [`for...in`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/for...in) structure, displaying each key/value pair inside a list item.

Reviewer: Not a for...of?

Author: ```suggestion
The `reports` parameter contains an array of all the reports in the observer's report queue. We loop over each report using a [`forEach()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/forEach) loop, then iterate over each entry of in the report's body using a [`for...in`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/for...in) structure, displaying each key/value pair inside a list item.
```
